DOCS-7058 administer community (#128)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications.adoc

= Important Notifications
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> == Release Announcements

Reviewer: add something like: 

Keeping the API Community Manager components up-to-date is critical for the optimal operation of your API community. You can follow new releases in the channels below so you can plan upgrading [LINK TO UPGRADING SECTION] your installation at your convenience.

Author: Good point. Added.

> New releases are announced at http://trust.mulesoft.com .

Reviewer: under "Scheduled Maintenance" section

Reviewer: and in API Community Manager release notes 
https://docs.mulesoft.com/release-notes/api-community-manager/api-community-manager-release-notes

Author: Thank you. Fixed.

= Important Notifications
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

Use these sources to stay informed about new releases and downtime for Anypoint API Community Manager.

== Release Announcements

> Keeping the API Community Manager components updated is critical to keep your API community operating smoothly and optimally. Watch for new releases in these channels so you can plan to xref:update-acm.adoc[update your installation] at your convenience.

Reviewer 2: To what does "in these channels" refer? Do you mean "the following channels" (which indicates a list)?
If this refers to the Scheduled Maintenance section and the RNs, why not just name them?
```suggestion
Updating API Community Manager components is critical to keeping your API community operating smoothly and optimally. Watch for new releases in these channels so that xref:update-acm.adoc[update your installation].
```

Reviewer: yes this refeers to the scheduled maintenance and release notes - agree with naming them directly.

agree with your other suggestions.

Author: Good point. Edited to name the scheduled maintenance and release note pages and integrate the wording improvements.

> New releases are announced at http://trust.mulesoft.com in the "Scheduled Maintenance" section and in xref:release-notes::api-community-manager/api-community-manager-release-notes.adoc[the API Community Manager release notes].

Reviewer 2: Consider merging with the previous or creating a two-item list.

Reviewer: agree

Author: Fixed.

> For further information, please contact your MuleSoft customer success representative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For further information, contact your MuleSoft customer success representative.
```

Reviewer: agree

== Downtime

> Any downtime of the MuleSoft or Salesforce platforms is tracked and monitored at http://trust.mulesoft.com and http://trust.salesforce.com .

Reviewer 2: Omit space
```suggestion
Any downtime of the MuleSoft or Salesforce platforms is tracked and monitored at http://trust.mulesoft.com and http://trust.salesforce.com.
```
Are we saying that support tracks and monitors, or are we advising our audience to track and monitor from these sites?

Reviewer: should say "it's communicated" in these sites? - not sure what the best work is; customer need to track and monitor these sites, but we'll publish status updates in them

Author: Removed the space and reworded to clarify that Salesforce & MuleSoft track and monitor downtime.
